The file attributes.conf defines several attributes (variables) that
need to be customized for each technology.

The *.adoc files should not be modified.

The following "include" files should be customized as necessary
for the specific technology:

- rules.inc

	Additional compatibility rules needed by some technologies.
	The rules in rules.adoc should NOT be changed.

- defns.inc

	Additional definitions needed by additional compatibility
	rules in rules.inc.

- config.inc

	Detailed instructions for configuring the TCK, included in
	Chapter 4.  Unfortunately, these are sections 4.1 - 4.3,
	so even if the TCK doesn't require 3 sections you need to
	make up something, or else change the sections to "N/A".

- packages.inc

	A simple list of Jakarta EE package names for the technology.

- tck-packages.inc

	A list of additional software packages included in the TCK.

- req-software.inc

	A list of software required in addition to the TCK and CI.

- install-server.inc

	Steps to install the Jakarta EE CI, if needed.
	For standalone technologies, no server may be required,
	and this file can be empty.
	This is used in install.adoc in section 3.2.

- install-server-vi.inc

	Steps to install a Vendor's web server, if needed.
	For standalone technologies, no web server may be required,
	and this file can be empty.
	This is used in install.adoc in section 3.2.

- using-examples.inc

	Command line examples showing how to run the TCK.

- using.inc

	Optional additional instructions for running the TCK.

- debug-tips.inc

	Technology-specific troubleshooting tips for Chapter 6.
	If this isn't needed, it can be an empty file, but toc.adoc
	will need to be fixed.

- rebuild.inc

	Special instructions for rebuilding the WAR files used by some TCKs.
	If needed, customize it appropriately and define the "rebuild"
	attribute in attributes.conf.

- title.inc
	Add acronym references as required do distinguish between legacy and 
	current APIs.

Note that this template is NOT sufficient for the Jakarta EE platform
or Jakarta EE Web Profile.
